Yes, it is a product
Yes, it is a service
Yes, it is a process
Yes, sure, it is a product
Yes, sure, it is a service
Yes, sure, it is a process
Yes, it is a service
Yes, it is a product
Yes, it is a process
Why not, it is a process
Why not, it is a service
Why not, it is a product
Ok, product
Ok, service
Ok, process
Ok, it is a product
Ok, it is a service
Ok, it is a process
Sure, it is a product
Sure, it is a service
Sure, it is a process
All right, it is something like a product
All right, it is something like a service
All right, it is something like a process
Ok, let’s start with a product
Ok, let’s start with a process
Ok, let’s start with a service
Sure, I’ll put it as a service
Sure, I’ll put it as a product
Sure, I’ll put it as a process
Fine, it’s a process
Fine, it’s a service
Fine, it’s a product
No problem, I would say it is a product
No problem, I would say it is a service
No problem, I would say it is a process
Let’s choose a product
Let’s choose a service
Let’s choose a process
Let’s say it is a product
Let’s say it is a process
Let’s say it is a service
It’s a complicated question, but let’s start with a product
It’s a complicated question, but let’s start with a service
It’s a complicated question, but let’s start with a process
My idea is a product
My idea is a service
My idea is a process
I can call my idea a product
I can call my idea a service
I can call my idea a process
Ok, so this is something like a product I suppose
Ok, so this is something like a service I suppose
Ok, so this is something like a process I suppose
I think it is definetly a service
I think it is definetly a product
I think it is definetly a process
I would say it is rather a product
I would say it is rather a service
I would say it is rather a process
It is quite a well-known product
It is quite a well-known service
It is quite a well-known process
I assume it could be a product
I assume it could be a service
I assume it could be a process
I would call it a product for the beginning
I would call it a service for the beginning
I would call it a process for the beginning
I am not really sure but let's start with a product
I am not really sure but let's start with a service
I am not really sure but let's start with a process
I am pretty sure it might be a product
I am pretty sure it might be a service
I am pretty sure it might be a process
It is a tough question but let's go with a product
It is a tough question but let's go with a process
It is a tough question but let's go with a service
I choose a product category
I choose a service category
I choose a process category
I think product category fits best
I think service category fits best
I think process category fits best
It seems the product category might work
It seems the process category might work
It seems the service category might work
Among those categories the product one looks promising
Among those categories the service one looks promising
Among those categories the process one looks promising
I think the category is not the best word, but let's choose a product category
I think the category is not the best word, but let's choose a service category
I think the category is not the best word, but let's choose a process category
I would label my idea as a product
I would label my idea as a process
I would label my idea as a service
I'm not really sure where my idea belongs. I choose the product category but again, I'm not really sure about this
I'm not really sure where my idea belongs. I choose the service category but again, I'm not really sure about this
I'm not really sure where my idea belongs. I choose the process category but again, I'm not really sure about this
I would be happy to release a product like this
I know that it is more something more than a service, but let's go with that
I would be happy to configure a service like this
I would be happy to run a service like this
Honestly, I don't know. Let's choose a product category
Honestly, I don't know. Let's choose a service category
Honestly, I don't know. Let's choose a process category
Ok, let's think, what if we put the product label on it
Ok, let's think, what if we put the service label on it
Ok, let's think, what if we put the process label on it
This is just a sample one, but the main idea is definetly a product
This is just a sample one, but the main idea is definetly a process
This is just a sample one, but the main idea is definetly a service
I'm thinking about several categories. Let me start with the product one.
I'm thinking about several categories. Let me start with the process one.
I'm thinking about several categories. Let me start with the service one.
I'm really confused now. May be it is a product, but it's hard to tell
I'm really confused now. May be it is a service, but it's hard to tell
I'm really confused now. May be it is a process, but it's hard to tell
I'm confident that it is a product though some people may disagree
I'm confident that it is a service though some people may disagree
I'm confident that it is a process though some people may disagree
I decided to start with a product category and see how it works out
I decided to start with a service category and see how it works out
I decided to start with a process category and see how it works out
Do you mind if I choose a product category?
Do you mind if I choose a service category?
Do you mind if I choose a process category?
At first I thought about a service category, but now I think more about the product one
At first I thought about a process category, but now I think more about the product one
At first I thought about a product category, but now I think more about the process one
At first I thought about a service category, but now I think more about the process one
It is very likely that we are talking about the product category
It is very likely that we are talking about the service category
It is very likely that we are talking about the process category
It can be a product, but it is unlikely so. More a process though.
It can be a product, but it is unlikely so. More a service though.
It can be a process, but it is unlikely so. More a service though.
It can be a service, but it is unlikely so. More a process though.
Obviously it belongs to the product category
Obviously it belongs to the service category
Obviously it belongs to the process category
I am absolutely sure my idea would be the best product ever
I am absolutely sure my idea would be the best service ever
I am absolutely sure my idea would be the best process ever
It is more about improving the existing product
It is more about improving the existing service
It is more about improving the existing process
Do you think it matters? OK, product then
Do you think it matters? OK, service then
Do you think it matters? OK, process then
It is certainly the product category
It is certainly the service category
It is certainly the process category
Do I really need to put a label on it? All right, let's go with the product
Do I really need to put a label on it? All right, let's go with the service
Do I really need to put a label on it? All right, let's go with the process
I don't know, use product
I don't know, use service
I don't know, use process
This idea can be used in different ways, I am choosing the product category now
This idea can be used in different ways, I am choosing the service category now
This idea can be used in different ways, I am choosing the process category now
The main point is to build a product like this
The main point is to set up a process like this
The main point is to configure a service like this
I'm really really unsure on how it can be labeled. My first thought it is a product, but now I am thinking more of a service
I'm really really unsure on how it can be labeled. My first thought it is a process, but now I am thinking more of a service
I'm really really unsure on how it can be labeled. My first thought it is a service, but now I am thinking more of a product
I'm really really unsure on how it can be labeled. My first thought it is a process, but now I am thinking more of a product
I've been asked about this once, I think it is a product
I've been asked about this once, I think it is a service
I've been asked about this once, I think it is a process
It is not a service, and not a process, so let's choose a product
It is not a service, and not a product, so let's choose a process
It is not a product, and not a process, so let's choose a service
The last one is not my case, but the process is a good choice
The last one is not my case, but the product is a good choice
The last one is not my case, but the service is a good choice
At least it can be called a product
At least it can be called a service
At least it can be called a process
